hey guys it is Abba we may and I am here
at the LCS with immortals Paul Beltre
you just beat Dignitas we're so close to
the perfect game what happened that in
those last few minutes yeah they just
kind of rushed us down at the end I
think they didn't want us to have a
perfect game and then we were like ha
crap we didn't get the perfect game it
wasn't just like one guy that died too
like a few of us died so at the end I
just pinged all of my teammates that had
died like stamping so you can sing
anymore and I was like geez what are you
guys doing so you're the reason why we
need like a ping mute then right yeah I
guess I guess so yeah I saw as soon as I
think oh I went down then just everyone
started rushing in and then look like
you guys were just having like a party
in there but you guys are now at the top
of a standing so what does that mean to
you um well it means we're having a good
season so far means we're going to make
playoffs for sure or I don't want to
jinx it I shouldn't have said that there
is a good chance that we'll make
playoffs given our current performance
our current place in the standings
um so I'm excited for that because we
didn't get to play in playoffs last
split and immortals just overall hasn't
had like a really resounding class
performance yet so I'm hoping that this
foot we can make two playoffs you really
well in class now in comparison to
spring split it's almost like night and
day polar opposites especially for you
almost I mean you had a little bit of a
struggle in spring split and then now
you're just kind of like popping off
everywhere so what do you think made the
difference I think just the team overall
is playing really well like everyone
else is playing really well I'm doing a
little bit better too so yeah it's just
easy to look good when your team looks
good like even even game 2 today I was
playing Ari I think and I was just
playing so terrible I was toasting like
every charm I was talking to my
teammates you know I should have max W
those are some 60 ping charms but yeah I
mean when your team is doing really well
naturally you're just going to look good
even if you have like really bad
performances like headed game too so
even though I was missing pretty much
every skill shot my score line was still
really good I had the really high KD I
only died once but yeah overall it's
just easy to look good if your team's
doing good so when the team is good
doing good the team is probably feeling
good right how is team morale for you
guys overall we feel pretty great right
now of course we're playing pretty high
first place right now we're just trying
not to get
overconfident and yeah I mean me and me
and Jake are kind of like easygoing
cautious kind of dudes so we're not
letting it get to our heads and yeah I
mean we'll just keep trying to win each
game take improvements where we can for
example Game one there were a lot of
things we could have done differently
you know even starting from draft days
so just have to work on those things
nice well I wanted to ask you this is
something that a lot of the fans and
maybe the community is kind of like on
edge about they want to see the top
teams go to riff rivals and right now I
think it's what p1 TSM c9 from last
split and then you guys you know
dominate them all so do you feel bums
that you're kind of missing out on it
yeah it is a little bit disappointing
because international tournaments are
really fun but you know that's just how
it was structured they took a over did
well from last foot so you know what can
you do we're not going to get too upset
about it and you know just hopefully
we're gonna make it to Worlds and have a
good international showing Ben do you
guys have any substitute plans since I
know there's going to be a slight break
so it's the two plans like excuse me I
mean the substitute for not traveling so
are you guys going to go party are you
going to practice that's what I mean oh
I mean I hope we'll practice while
everyone else is gone so you guys could
have your own international fun thing at
home then and however we're probably
just staying home and screaming all
right well that's helpful
for the overall team is there anything
that you would like to say to your
immortals fans out there ah gee thanks
for thanks for watching our games
joining us oh yeah actually there were a
few fans who showed up at LCS today who
also graduated from the same high school
I did I think so they just kept shouting
like Troy high school the whole time and
I'm like yeah I graduated from there and
so did you whoo-hoo did they run up to
you and you're like I want to be like
you and I grew up no not really they
just kept shouting Troy high school and
I was like yeah let's prove you got a
spell out Troy in wards next time then
right yeah you know too much effort yeah
not that great of an alma mater then
we'll pull Beltre thank you so much for
this interview and for everyone else you
can check out more of our interviews at
Travis's youtube channel state of the
league hey guys thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed the content if you don't
know Travis doesn't pain
for these anymore so if you would like
to support me you could check out my
support page awfully calm slash support
Thanks